Glossary:Site - compare to origin (#30000)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/site/index.md

In some contexts, the scheme is also considered when differentiating sites. This would make `http://vpl.ca` and `https://vpl.ca` different sites. Including the scheme prevents an insecure (HTTP) site from being treated as the same site as a secure (HTTPS) site. A definition that considers the scheme is sometimes called a _schemeful same-site_. This stricter definition is applied in the rules for handling [`SameSite`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Set-Cookie#samesitesamesite-value) cookies.

:::note

> For security reasons, browsers sometimes need to may further need to distinguish between requests using the port as well as the site (scheme and domain).

Author: ```suggestion
For security reasons, browsers sometimes need to distinguish between requests using the port as well as the site (scheme and domain).
```

> :::note
> For security reasons, browsers sometimes need to distinguish between requests using the port as well as the site (scheme and domain).
> The scheme, domain and port together are referred to as an {{Glossary("Origin")}}.
> :::

Reviewer: This implies that site is scheme+domain, but it's not. Also I think "requests" is confusing because it has a technical meaning that's not intended here (AFAICS). Could we say:

```suggestion
> **Note:** Browsers sometimes make security decisions (for example, deciding which resources a script can access) based on the {{Glossary("Origin")}} of a resource. This is a more restrictive concept than the site, encompassing the scheme, the whole domain, and the port. See also [same-origin policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Same-origin_policy).
```

Author: Works for me!
